README.md, before:

# Angular Modularisation Prototype
Testing how you can break apart Angular modules on a "feature" level, but have common re-usable components.

## Prerequisites
The application expects you to have:
1. An installation of [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)

## Setup
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`

## Running the App
Execute `grunt` from the terminal to:
* Run JSHint on your client and server JavaScript files
* Concatenate your client JavaScript into a single file
* Minify your JavaScript, accounting for AngularJS' known minification issues and workarounds.
* Starts the ExpressJS server
* Watches for file changes. On a file change, the above process will be re-executed and the server re-started.

You can view the application by visiting [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Directory Structure

    /
    |- app/             -   Client-side resources, such as LESS and AngularJS code
        |- common/
            |- core/        Contains reusable services
            |- components/  Contains reusable components
        |- featureOne/      An application feature ("vertical slice")
        |- featureTwo/      Another application feature
        |- app.js           Application bootstrap
    |- server/          -   Server-side resources
    |- views/           -   JADE templates, served to the client by ExpressJS
        |- templates/   -   Partial templates, i.e. for AngularJS directives
        |- index.jade
        |- layout.jade
    |- .gitignore
    |- Gruntfile.js
    |- app.js           -   The ExpressJS server configuration file
    |- package.json
    |- README.md

Note that the build procedure will create another directory, `public/`. This is created from the contents of `app/`, with transformations (such as minification and concatenation) applied. `layout.jade` references JavaScript within the `public/` directory. As the directory is a build artefact, `public/` is specified in `.gitignore`, thus ommitting its contents from being committed to source control.

Commit message:

Introduces a core module, for each feature
In addition to a feature module (ie my-app.featureone), there is now a
core module. This is the "API layer" for each feature module, and will
contain code that could possibly be shared by other features. This will
ideally be kept as thin as possible.

Doing this means that the main feature module will contain only
feature-specific code.

As these new modules are 'core layer', they depend on my-app.core and are
loaded up-front. Whereas, the remaining of the feature could potentially
be loaded lazily. Due to this, the core layer for a feature will now be
responsible for handling routing for within that module. This gives the
core layer an opportunity to perform lazy loading, in order to resolve the
route.

To show this kind of interaction, the home page now uses both of the
shared services (FeatureOneService and FeatureTwoService). But in order to
do so it can no longer remain in the core layer, instead it has been moved
up to the top level my-app module.

README.md, after:

# Angular Modularisation Prototype
Testing how you can break apart Angular modules on a "feature" level, but have common re-usable components.

## Prerequisites
The application expects you to have:

1. An installation of [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)

## Setup
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`

## Running the App
Execute `grunt` from the terminal to:
* Run JSHint on your client and server JavaScript files
* Concatenate your client JavaScript into a single file
* Minify your JavaScript, accounting for AngularJS' known minification issues and workarounds.
* Starts the ExpressJS server
* Watches for file changes. On a file change, the above process will be re-executed and the server re-started.

You can view the application by visiting [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000

## Directory Structure

    /
    |- app/                 Client-side resources, such as LESS and AngularJS code
        |- common/
            |- core/        Contains reusable services and components
        |- featureOne/      An application feature ("vertical slice")
            |- core/        Core layer for the feature, defining its API
        |- featureTwo/      Another application feature
            |- core/        As above
        |- app.js           Application bootstrap
    |- server/              Server-side resources
    |- views/               JADE templates, served to the client by ExpressJS
        |- templates/       Partial templates, i.e. for AngularJS directives
        |- index.jade
        |- layout.jade
    |- .gitignore
    |- Gruntfile.js
    |- app.js               The ExpressJS server configuration file
    |- package.json
    |- README.md

Note that the build procedure will create another directory, `public/`. This is created from the contents of `app/`, with transformations (such as minification and concatenation) applied. `layout.jade` references JavaScript within the `public/` directory. As the directory is a build artefact, `public/` is specified in `.gitignore`, thus ommitting its contents from being committed to source control.
